time for a game now our friends at Cisco
built us a big beautiful video screen we
call it the wall of America it lets you
be a part of the show from the comfort
of your home let's fire it up now for a
thrilling edition of dare roulette here
we go tonight our viewers will square
off to see who is the bravest of the
ball and let's bring them up there they
are hello everyone how you guys doing
wow what a crew we have here look at
this
we got a post-it that says I love you
mom I think she knows you Manny are you
still living with mom all right now
here's how this works we have a little
device one of you will be sort of
selected at random and then Guillermo
will spin a wheel we have a big wheel
it's populated with dares are you ready
to be daring all right let's find our
first dairy go ahead and do the random
thing and we'll see who it lands on this
truly is random we do not know who I
land on Vinnie from these stories
Vinni you know Winnie I have an uncle
Vinnie I know oh all right your name is
your name is Vinnie ax is that short for
something
Vinnie oh are you are you Italian like
my uncle Vinnie you don't okay I got it
what do you what do you do Vinnie can
you tell us a little bit about yourself
oh that's a good thing to do that's very
nice and okay well you're ready today
you're well this is something that could
potentially be embarrassing okay okay
who cares all right all right let's find
out what your dare is Guillermo spin the
wheel for Vinnie here we go wheel and it
is going to land on okay right I make
very poor decisions on the wall all
right so grab a pen and head back to the
wall looks like you've done a lot of
work on that wall - this will be a shame
Vinnie are you nine feet tall
it looks like your heads about to touch
the ceiling yeah oh oh you know yeah now
you look now you look 14 feet tall yeah
yeah where wherever yeah yeah yeah right
there okay that's good yeah wherever we
can see it okay
is that a sharpie you're using it is
okay so we are gonna have to repaint
that wall I guess huh okay and when I
said we I really didn't mean us I meant
just you and your friends all right all
right very good well done Vinny has
completed the first dare Thank You Vinny
all right let's spin it again let's do
it again let's see who we land on here
we go and all there we go it's Manny
Manny
a nanny is doing his own posted comedy
show there how you doing Manny excellent
Jimmy how are you I'm doing well you're
in winston-salem I see yes and that
picture on the wall that's you and your
wife no that's my mother is it really
okay all right all right Manny you ready
let's spin the wheel from Manny
Guillermo spin it and let's see what it
lands on I have a feeling Manny will do
just about anything all right Manny
Manny we're going to need you to kind of
move a little bit back so we can really
sing and give yourself a wedgie okay
[Applause]
watch the red no no
are you alright man
[Applause]
all right
all right let's go back to the man you
did it that's enough for God's sake
thank you almost jelly imagine imagine
dying giving yourself a wedgie what a
way to go all right let's see who else
we have let's there we go
and we land on Regan alright Regan its
Regan how you doing Regan you're in
Houston Texas
yeah alright well what do you do for a
living Regan or Regan sorry okay alright
alright and what's that picture with
your name on it I see on the top shelf
there yeah yeah show it to us and give
yourself a wedgie while you're up there
when you get your class ring my school
you you put it in a picture of beer and
then drink it oh I see and then you save
it forever or at least until you have
kids and then you throw it out yeah okay
alright you grow up or throw up alright
here we go we're gonna spin the wheel
Guillermo spin it fitted for Regan and
the wheel lands on all the first name of
your least favorite co-worker his name
is Kevin Kevin alright sorry
change the grade we come back we have
one final there
[Applause]
time for the final round of gear
roulette our three finalists are her
Vinny Ragan and Manny Manny's going
crazy there and as in his place it's
funny to look into people's homes and
that's what we've done tonight we have
one final dare we will ask you to all do
this together and then the audience and
I will judge who did it best okay
Guillermo is because keeping the final
dare very safe where have you been
keeping this dared gear ball in my ears
in his ear that is right pull that out
of your ear and read the final dare man
he loves you Guillermo here we go you
too many all right come back dirty
filthy person wins what let me read it
again yeah read it in English alright
come back dirty filthy person wins okay
I think you're saying the come back
dirty the filthiest person wins all
right
go wherever you have to go to get dirty
dirty
yes Regan go get dirty
look at this by the way this guy new
here is going to be on TV today and they
hung a towel over the door
women have nicer places than men in
general it turns out yeah all right so
they're going to come back dirty and
[Applause]
what is that on your face Manny gets
much not all bidding Vinnie what
happened to you
Vinnie what is that on your head shaving
cream okay and now we're gonna wait for
rape man and Reagan what did you put on
a like a facial you did or something
yeah no you're not that dirty right well
I'm sorry there's really there's really
no contest here Manny
[Applause]
[Music]
man you for your efforts you win
great price you get a flat screen TV and
a leaf blower all right
[Applause]
sign up the Jimmy Kimmel I've got common
thanks guys that was weird
I was relieved to hear was mud to be
honest with you hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you like that subscribe to our YouTube
channel to get all our latest videos
before they die and go to YouTube heaven